so let's start then with the
first saucer that makes the entrance but
for you to see it more brought us
from oaxaca that's how we are already
see his delicious monitos del cantante
hello good morning
that I find myself here in the cathedral here
with the champagne I saw how it is very good and
I am very happy to be here
with you here that we are going to prepare the day
today we are going to prepare some little monkeys
Mince stuffed banana
Styling that is the concept of oaxaca
also what are the ingredients
we have here our beef hash
and if we do not have this type of hash
with fresh cheese
We can not subscribe if we do not have this
type of vicky cheese
Well, let's start, it's in your hands, you
you say that I help you
we will be able to find the banana first
the banana was going more we are going to put
here we have boiling water pipe
around 15 to 20 minutes and already
we have some pasta here we understand
and since it is well cooked we are going to
crush like this is how is this
What else did you put here?
cornstarch and a little bit of
and this is about how many bananas
they are here are like 66 bananas like to
how many people that will not come out as
for about 20 and you put hands
a spoonful of cornstarch and a pinch
nothing more a pinch of silver trace videos
perfect and crush it is fine and already what
We have a banana pasty here
macho that rich and difficult
when it's perfectly fine
to start with only two balls and there the
is already filling with picadillo
sandwich and that you have the whiting
tomato olives capers onion
onion added of your style would be
separate the same as we occupy
and look how nice it came out then you're
using here a bag of parãs if
you put a little bit of oil and I already
the very best and you're going to be
we also stuffed with cheese
as well
our little balls are
Lateral schedule looks delicious how rich
it's here we already have about six monkeys that
we are going to make these monotypes the
let's fry then perfect here already
we have good and oil well should
to be
so they do not absorb
and that cool well
Well I think it's perfect and there are
frying very well how long you have
have to ask for more to last and it also remained
the topic although we can accompany these
molds with cream and cheese with cream and
dear ones and this can be a perfect
input as if all the clairvoyants like
tickets today with this good going goes to
surprise all your guests a
entrance of fried molotes there they have
very well as days are going they are taking a
golden color there we are going to give you the
return true richie if we go that
designed schedule we give them the boot
then let's wait for 90 cited
two here we already see that they are already taking
a golden color that means that already
is ready for a plate already with a paper
to remove the excess fat we are going to
go putting our buds and then
They can also be bean fillings
black and well also the picadillo
that you have at home the pig can be
excellently a little seasoned with what
that you want not visible data
any kind of picadillo is small
look here we already have our molotes
how rich this event we give here a
little excess fat like that
in case it would be very good and it is
putting here on a banana leaf
and that it's just another thing we can
put if we do not have a banana leaf
are a layer of that to make it look like
the virgin mine so good here
already more than in love
know that the way to with this cream
is today a road map can also
to be canned from the government so that without
light something green so that you see several
colors and movie put you here we believe the
sour cream cream
great even more cheese
very rich and can also be like a
exit if you want a little more beach
you do not want to produce much because you
it puts very well such adorns risks for
to make them feel like we have here
our very good moloitos that
we prepare a lunch for vicky in the
Cathedral can not be missed to know
this great place and try these
delicious molotes we are waiting for you here
soon in season art installed
and